Hi everybody, I'm the news director at Radio Beijing.
Thank you for showing us around.
No problem. Now, come this way.
Look at the red light. When it's on, it means we're on air.
And we should avoid making any noise in the background.
Okay.
This is the newsroom.
We collect the latest national and international news and write reports here.
It gets crazy in here just before the program begins.
How can I become a presenter?
I think you need to speak English really well.
So keep studying.
And I hope that you can join us one day.
What about the sports news?
That's over there.
And it is where we do interviews with the big sports stars.
Let's watch the presenter.
Remember what I said.
We need to keep quiet if the red light is on.
Finally, we've just heard that Germany has won the football match.
2-1 against England.
Hey, that's great news.
No, it's awful news.
Shhh.
And that's the end of the 6 o'clock news.